NSFS | NC | Use `--from_file` Option in Account Create (#7779)
noobaa/noobaa-core: docs/non_containerized_NSFS.md

sudo node src/cmd/manage_nsfs bucket list --config_root ../standalon/config_root 2>/dev/null

```

> NSFS management CLI command will create both account and bucket dir if it's missing in the config_root path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NSFS management CLI run will create both accounts, access_keys, and buckets directories if they are missing under the config_root directory.
```

Author: I just moved this.
I will change it according to your suggestion, thanks.

**Important**:  All the Account/Bucket commands end with `2>/dev/null` to make sure there are no unwanted logs.

Using `from_file` flag:

> - Users can also pass account or bucket values in JSON file (hereinafter referred to as "options JSON file") instead of passing them in CLI as arguments using flags.

Reviewer: please mention that it's for create/update operations

Author: added, thanks.
